Let's create a DynamoDB table.
Do a quick search, DynamoDB.
So DynamoDB is Amazon's proprietary,
really fast, and really flexible NoSQL database.
So NoSQL database is just pretty much one big table, which as you'll see,
makes it extremely easy to just add data in
an unstructured way and search for it using Amazon's search tools.
So let's just create our table.
Call it udacity_location, and our primary key is going to be a location,
and that's a string.
So we're not going to worry about a sort key right now.
We are going to take the default settings.
But before we do that, let's take a look and see what they are.
So we're not going to know secondary index provision,
which is our free-tier eligible,
read, write, and capacity mode.
So that's going to give us five read capacity units and five write capacity units,
which is going to be about three dollars a month.
But we also have auto scaling enabled.
We really don't want that because if you look at the capacity calculator,
we're going to take a look and see how much would it cost if we scale all the way up to
40,000 read units and 40,000 write units for a one kilobyte item.
So one kilobyte item and reads per second,
that's going to be 80,000 which is a lot.
But 80,000 items read per second is going to give us 40,000 read capacity units.
I think 40,000 write capacity units is 40,000 items written per second.
That's $23,000 a month.
So in this case, let's cancel this.
We're going to say no thanks to auto scaling
just because we're pretty sure that we're not going to need that much,
but we're not a hundred percent sure.
We'd hate to see it scale all the way up to 40,000 reads and write capacity units.
So we've created, we've named our table,
and we've designated the primary keys.
We're going to go ahead and create that table.